[sound effect playing]
[music playing]
What did the doctor say?
Let's not talk
about it right now.
Oh my god.
It's cancer.
You're 44 years old
and you have cancer.
It's not cancer.
It's just a little
cyst in my armpit.
It's like a-- a big pimple.
You're 44 and
you have a pimple.
It's going to be all right.
I just have to rub
cream on it every day
right after I prepare the area.
Prepare the area how?
What are you going to do?
You're not going to
start washing, are you?
I have to shave off all
the hair under my arms.
Oh, honey.
It's your very
first lady shaver.
Pretty soon you'll start
getting monthly visits
from your friend.
Cut it out.
It's bad enough I got to shave
under my arms like a woman.
Well, you know, they say it
is best to live as a woman first
before you have the operation.
Cut it out.
And I don't want you
telling anybody about this.
Some things are best left
between a husband and a wife.
Well, right.
Which one do you want to be?
[laughing]
Hey, kids, dinner!
Isn't DJ eating?
No, he's staying over
at a friend's house.
And I like him to
be good and hungry
when he's getting free food.
Mom, Mark is really sick.
When are we going to get the
upstairs bathroom fixed so he
doesn't have to come down here?
As soon as we finish the
guitar shaped swimming pool.
Man, this thing
I got is the worst.
I feel like I'm going to die.
Wouldn't you just be
more comfortable sitting
on my plate?
Mom, I got to
start school tomorrow
and I really need my rest.
Is it all right if Mark
stays on the couch tonight?
No.
I don't want anybody
sick in there.
That couch smells bad already.
Well, where's he going to go?
Well, DJ's gone.
So we'll take David
out of his room.
And put Mark in there, and
then move David to the couch.
Done.
Wait, what does
the couch smell like?
The family.
[laughing]
Where's dinner, we're hungry.
Ours is on our plates.
But you told me you were eating
over at, uh, that kid's house.
No, Mom, I told you yesterday,
Ralph is staying over here.
Well, I'm sorry, Ralph,
but you can't stay here.
You'll have to tell your parents
that Mr. Conner's on a bender.
You can't do that.
His parents are out of town.
And you promised I could
have friends sleep over.
Well I didn't mean it.
I thought you were just bluffing
when you said you had a friend.
[laughing]
Mrs. Conner, Ralph and
DJ can take the couch.
I'll just move down in
the basement with Darlene.
Oh, yeah, and why don't
you just bang on the ceiling
if you have trouble
fastening her bra?
Cool.
I thought you'd say no.
She did.
Why don't we just stick
Mark in the basement,
and Darlene can sleep with me.
Oh, forget it.
I can't sleep with the sound of
air whistling through her head.
Mark's got to go somewhere.
And he can't sleep with me.
OK.
Let's try this one more time.
Ralph and DJ in the basement,
you on the couch, and you boys
can be in DJ's room.
Wait, why do I
get stuck with Mark?
I can't afford to get sick.
God, everyone's so afraid
I'm going to make them
sick no one will come near me.
I feel like a leopard.
Mark,
I'm sorry.
You didn't mean to get sick.
Everyone refusing to
get near you is unfair.
- You mean that?
- Yeah I do.
I'll share a room with you.
I'm not afraid.
Wow.
It's really touching you'd
say a thing like that.
It's really good
to have a brother.
[laughing]
[theme music]
[music playing]
OK, honey, turn off the light.
No.
I want to see.
- Nothing to see.
Just skin.
Turn off the light.
Oh, come on, Dan.
A lot of guys don't have
hair under their arms.
Like, who?
Oh, like, weightlifters
shave all theirs off
so their muscles show.
Oh, yeah?
[laughing]
Of course, they
also life weights.
Well, I would, but with
the loss of my armpit hair
went my super strength.
Oh come on, let me see.
What are you so
embarrassed about?
You can always just come the
hair from your chest over.
Well, I learned one new thing.
No aftershave next time.
Well, you only had one cyst.
Why did you shave both of them?
Well, one arm just
seemed so unbalanced.
I think it's kind of sexy.
Now I see why you
get so excited when
I shave my legs every month.
Really?
Yeah.
Gee, I don't think I've been
this turned on since you
clipped your nose hairs.
Oh, you know I shaved
a special spot for you.
Ew, gross.
No, no, higher, higher.
Oh Dan, you have
two eyebrows again!
Want some razor burn?
No, all that skin scares me.
[growling]
Let's wait an hour
till it grows back.
[barking]
Oh.
My weakness.
Animal noises.
DAVID: Well, uh, here I am
David, in the only working
bathroom, right next door.
Great.
Mark gave it to David.
Now he's going to be in
there puking all night.
Oh yeah.
Say that again real slow.
I'm getting hot.
DAVID: Uh, thank goodness
I'm not sick like Mark.
I'll just do my business
quickly then skedaddle.
[growling]
[barking]
Cut it out.
I cannot do it with
David in there.
This bed squeaks.
Let's do it on the floor.
You know, Dan, that always
sounds like a lot more fun
than it actually is.
Come on, baby, let's
see if we can make
that floor squeak in China.
[laughing]
DAVID: Hey!
DJ: Hey, you should
have locked the door.
DAVID: It's broken.
DJ: Just hurry up, OK?
I got to pee worse than you.
DAVID: How could you
possibly know that?
Hey, in one minute,
nobody's peeing.
Go on, baby.
Come on down here where
the cedar chest used to be.
It's still fluffy.
I can't do it with
people in the next room.
Since when does
a crowd bother you?
We did it at a
Grateful Dead concert.
That was nearly
two years ago Dan.
I think we've grown up
a little since then.
Honey, we've got to face it.
There's just too many
people in this house.
Now, we've done our job.
We deserve a little
peace and quiet.
I want Mark and
Becky to move out.
Well, I want them to bring
back that show Card Sharks.
But it ain't going to happen.
Look, Mark's got a good job.
I know he's been
saving his money.
I'm sure they can afford
a decent place to live.
Why?
You're his boss and you
never lived no place decent.
It's time that they
moved out on their own.
They'll never leave
unless we push them.
Now, you know I'm right.
Well, I just hate
to see them struggle.
Fair enough.
We won't visit them.
[toilet flushing]
[laughing]
So they're gone.
So?
Oh, want to rub
the magic spot again?
I don't feel so good.
I think I got Mark's
flu or something.
Great.
Shaved my armpits for nothing.
Unless--
[farting]
cool.
[panting]
(WHISPERED) What?
What is it?
Oh my god.
I was on the baby.
No, Fred, the
baby's right here.
This is crazy.
With the baby in here I haven't
had one decent night's sleep
since he was born.
Fine.
Well, we'll just put
him up for adoption
then, because lord knows
you need your sleep.
Hey, I got an idea.
You know that room with all the
purple dinosaurs on the wall?
Why don't we put
the baby in there?
No.
Fred, I read somewhere
that sleeping
together bonds the family.
Yeah?
Well, I read somewhere
people read too much.
Come here.
Come to Daddy.
Yeah, you remember me?
Mommy let me hold you
in the delivery room.
What are you
doing with the baby?
Where are you taking him?
Where are you taking the baby?
What are you doing with it?
I put the baby in his crib.
We can listen to him
on the baby monitor.
How could you be so mean?
Listened to him.
Listen to him.
My god.
He's smothering.
Jackie.
Jackie!
He's fine.
Now, this is your
problem, it's not his.
I'm putting my foot down.
The baby is no longer
sleeping in our bed.
Fine!
Don't want the baby in here, you
don't want me in here either.
Jackie!
Ugh.
There, there, baby, it's OK.
Someday your real daddy
will come home from the sea.
[music playing]
Hi
Hey.
Fred and I had a huge
fight this morning.
So I brought the baby over
here to teach Fred a lesson.
Jackie, don't
you know anything?
If you want to make the
man suffer, you stay.
You don't leave.
So can we sleep here tonight?
Well, not in the house, but we
are setting up a little shanty
town on the sunport.
DAN: Rosie!
Roseanne, please.
I don't have
anywhere else to go.
We'll talk about
it in a minute.
But I must warn you,
Dan doesn't allow anyone
to move in here unless
they're sleeping
with one of his daughters.
What do you want?
I'm sick.
When do we get to
kick out Becky and Mark?
Huh?
When?
Well, did you clean
your room and play
nice with the other mechanics?
All right.
Go ahead.
Mark!
Becky!
Would you please come
down here for a moment.
[cawing]
I feel good.
[humming]
I knew that I would.
Hey, stop celebrating.
I'm going to miss one of them.
Hey.
I'm sorry about making
you sick, Mrs. Conner.
Oh.
That's not your fault, Mark.
Becky never should
have married you.
So what did you want?
Nothing really.
We were just wondering
whatever happened to that plan
you two had to find some
other place to live.
It wasn't really a plan.
It was more like a
long range dream.
Well, congratulations,
kids, your dreams
are about to come true.
Well, We were kind of
hoping to wait until we
could afford a two bedroom.
Why?
You need some place
to store your book?
Mom, Dad,
we're trying to have baby.
- Oh, oh, do you really mean it?
- Mm-hmm.
Roseanne, we need to
discuss this in private
before it goes any further.
Yeah, just a second.
You know, you can stay here
as long as you need to.
This kid has got a strong jaw.
Where the hell can
we talk in private?
Well, Dan, there's
always the cone of silence.
[laughing]
Now, they can't move
out, because Beckie's
going to have a baby and
she needs her mother.
She's not even pregnant yet.
Yeah but she will be.
Mark doesn't have
anything else to do.
He's already bored
with his Hot Wheels.
We've talked
about this Roseanne.
We don't even have a
place to fight anymore.
Why is Jackie's
makeup bag in here?
Uh, oh yeah.
Well, I was going to tell
you about that, you know,
when the time was
right, or never.
Jackie's staying here too?
Hey, look, we don't want
you guys fighting about
was leaving.
We weren't
fighting about that.
We were fighting
about this towel.
It's a comb cotton blend.
I make a good lemon.
Can't we use a wool
towel once in a while.
Ooh!
Hey what's going on?
Darlene, we're trying to
have a private conversation.
Do you mind?
Fine.
I just came to return
your lady shaver.
Wha-- my lady shaver?
That's ridiculous.
What would I be doing
with a woman's razor?
Well, Becky said it
was to shave your pits.
How the hell did
you know about that?
Know about what?
That shaved his pits.
Would you stop
telling people that?
Yeah, cause it's not true.
It's uh-- it isn't, is it Dad?
[laughing]
Dad, how old do I
have to be before I get
to start shaving my armpits?
You shave your armpits?
Yes.
I do.
For medical reasons.
Well, that's why you
shaved the right one.
But tell them why
you shaved the left.
That's exactly what
I was talking about.
After 22 years I deserve
a little damn privacy.
Excuse me, I was
just wondering how
long you're all going to be.
That's it!
I'm going to Fred's.
And you don't use a guy's lady
shaver without asking him.
[music playing]
You have to keep his
head at a 45 degree angle
so you can keep the
blood going to the brain.
Support his little bottom,
Becky, with the other hand.
No with the other ha-- no, see--
OK.
She doesn't understand.
Just bounce him up
and down a little bit.
Just ni-- not real--
not real fast.
He's just a little baby.
Not mixing a martini.
Uh, you're squishing
his leg now.
OK, here we go baby.
Aw.
Back to mommy.
OK.
Mommy's got you.
It's OK.
You're all right.
How's your little leg?
He's OK.
All right.
Isn't it fun to hold him?
- Can I hold him?
- No.
He doesn't want to
be held right now.
But I'm not sick anymore.
Well, good then why don't
you just take Becky upstairs
and do what we're
paying you to do.
Has Dad come back yet?
Oh, no.
He's sure he's right.
And when it gets
like that, it takes
him even longer to apologize.
I know it's real
tough on everybody.
We're really glad
you're letting us stay.
Well, Becky, you're young
and you still need me.
Your father, however,
is 44 years old,
it's high time he got
out of this house.
Thanks, Mom.
OK, now it's time.
There you are.
What are you doing now?
You have to keep turning him
so he has a nice shaped head.
Well, if his head
gets all misshapen,
you can always sand it down.
Don't, don't, don't.
Uh.
What's your problem?
Don't want your germs
getting on the baby.
Jackie, kids get germs.
That's what they do.
They fall off their bike
and they get all bruised.
And they cut their
tongue licking a cactus.
Maybe that's just DJ.
Excuse me for trying
to protect my child.
Well, you're not
protecting your child,
you're overprotecting
your child and it's
screwing up your marriage.
I had him in the bed.
Why are you taking Fred's side.
I always take the side
of the one that doesn't
want to squish the baby.
Baby needs me.
You know, Jackie,
your kids grow up,
and they just fly the
nest, and then all
you got left is your husband.
You must learn to let go.
Well, my baby
is six months old.
What's your excuse?
What?
Look around.
Kids are all still
living here at the house
with their husbands, and
their boyfriends, and me.
Wonder what Dan
thinks about that?
But gee, I don't
see him anywhere.
Well, it's a wonder
you can see anything over
your kid's big, misshapen head.
You hear that, Fred?
What?
Nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
Boy that's great.
Yeah.
It's great how men can be
together and not have to talk.
I mean, women always feel the
need to be saying something.
Prattling.
I can't hear the
nothing any more.
Sorry.
Maybe I ought to move in here.
I don't know.
I mean, two mature man
in one quaint house.
People will talk.
People hear you say
quaint and they'll talk.
Dan, you've been here
for a day and a half now.
Isn't it about time
you told me why.
I had to get out.
A man needs his space.
A man without space
isn't much of a man,
is he A man needs
room to stretch.
Oh!
[laughing]
I hear you.
Hi.
Boy, don't you ever knock?
Fred, I came
back to apologize.
Really?
I'm really sorry.
I'm sorry too.
I was being obsessed
about the baby.
No, I was being insensitive.
I love you, Fred.
I love you too.
OK, Jackie.
Now go home.
I was just thinking
that he doesn't have
to be in the same bed
with us, but can he
at least be in the same room.
Of course he can be
in the room with us.
He should be with
us for a while.
[coughing]
Wimp.
Oh, and Dan, about what
happened in the bathroom,
I'm really sorry
everybody found out--
No, Jacki, no, no, no.
You don't have to apologize.
I think I do.
No, Jackie, you really don't.
Dan, I'm sorry that
I invaded your privacy.
And that's all I'm going to say.
Ah, well thank you.
Thank you very much.
Very sensitive of you.
I'll just leave
you two guys alone.
- OK.
- Jackie, you're OK.
[laughing]
What?
He shaves his armpits.
Oh!
[music playing]
Hi, honey.
Looks like I'm too late.
You've remarried.
[whooping]
Mm, and you made some
of that French onion dip.
Still feeling sick?
- No.
I feel better.
But before I take you
back, we have to discuss
this Becky and Mark thing.
Look, I'm sorry I wanted
them out of here so bad.
It's just I wanted
to be alone with you
for so long I guess I
forgot we're getting
buried next to each other.
So you're OK with
them guys staying here?
Looking forward to it.
I kicked them out.
Praise the lord, ain't it?
It felt so good I
almost kicked DJ out too.
Well, I know it must
have been hard for you.
No, actually, it
wasn't hard at all, Dan.
You know, I just
blamed it all on you.
That's what I'm here for.
But there is one thing though.
Um, I gave them till May.
Why till May?
I'm not sick.
I'm pregnant.
[music playing]
You're pregnant?
Wow.
Dan, are you coming to bed?
Pregnant.
Wow.
Pregnant?
Dan, I'm worried.
Are you sure you're
OK with this?
Pregnant?
Wow.
I mean, pregnant.
Oh.
OK Dan, we're heading
out for the baby's
first birthday party.
Are you sure you're
going to be OK with this?
Pregnant.
How did that happen?